Fix typos in docs (#1249)
pymeasure/pymeasure: docs/dev/adding_instruments/properties.rst

    from pymeasure.instruments.validators import strict_discrete_set, strict_range, truncated_range, truncated_discrete_set

> In many situations you will also need to process the return string in order to extract the wanted quantity or process a value before sending it to the device. The :func:`Instrument.control <pymeasure.instruments.common_base.CommonBase.control>`, :func:`Instrument.measurement <pymeasure.instruments.common_base.CommonBase.measurement>` and :func:`Instrument.setting <pymeasure.instruments.common_base.CommonBase.setting>` function also provides means to achieve this.

Reviewer: In this case it is correct: These three functions provide means. However, there is another type:
```suggestion
In many situations you will also need to process the return string in order to extract the wanted quantity or process a value before sending it to the device.
The :func:`Instrument.control <pymeasure.instruments.common_base.CommonBase.control>`, :func:`Instrument.measurement <pymeasure.instruments.common_base.CommonBase.measurement>` and :func:`Instrument.setting <pymeasure.instruments.common_base.CommonBase.setting>` functions also provide means to achieve this.
```
Btw. In these files, you can write a single sentence per line, which is better for diffs.
Do this only for new files/touched lines.
